## Week 1

**Objective:** What did I learn/accomplish this week?

**The Hurdle:** What went wrong?

**The Solution:** How Did You Fix It?

___

Linux server deployments are put to use in the following ways:

**Webserver:** Hosts one or more websites.\
**Name resolution:** Hosts Domain Name System (DNS) name resolution services.\
**File:** Stores business data, usually in some form of text document.\
**Print:** Manages the print process and access to print services.\
**Log:** Centralizes and stores log files from other systems.\
**Virtualization/container:** Hosts virtual machine or container virtualization software.\
**Database:** Hosts one or more databases.\
**Cluster:** Works with other cluster nodes to host high-performance, fault-tolerant services.

___

The ``ip`` command uses this format:

``ip addr`` Displays all IP addresses for all interfaces.\
``ip addr show eth0`` Displays only IP address information for the eth0 interface.\
``ip help`` Displays basic help about the ip command.\
``ip link help`` Displays help about the ip link subcommand.\

The ``ls`` command lists the contents of the current directory.\
Example command with argument: ``ls /tmp`` Lists the contents of the /tmp directory.

___

The ``tree`` command displays the directory structure in a tree format.\
Example command with argument: tree /etc Displays the subdirectories and files in the /etc directory in a tree structure.
The ``shutdown`` command shuts down the system.\
Example command with two options: ``shutdown -r`` now Restarts the system immediately after shutdown.\
Typing the ``history`` command displays the contents of the history file. Each entry in the file is numbered. Type ! and the command number executes that command. For example: !12

___

There are several ways of getting help in Linux. The most common way is using manual pages, referred to as "man pages" for short. Because there are so many commands, and because each command has so many options, it is very common to use the man pages as a quick reference for displaying the available options.\
The syntax for using man pages is man {command}.\
Man = displays full summary
--Help = displays quick, short summary\
For example, to display help for the ls command, type man ls.
The whatis command provides a brief description of the specified command.\
The syntax for whatis is whatis {command}.\
info = search for information regarding a specific command, such as ‘info rm’

___

Ctlr+s = search within the ‘info’ search results
:q = quit the Wim editor without saving
:wq = save changes and quit
- help = displays what the subcommand will do, such as rm - - help 
help cd | more = displays short summarized help options
killall --help
useradd --help
usermod --help

___

